Unit tests and sprint 1 planning/retrospectives (#33)
NathanHuntzinger/2nd-City-Putt-Putt: README.md

Setup instructions can be found in the root directory's README

## Unit testing

> To perform unit tests:
> 
> Within the docker image 'puttputt_web'
> 1. Make sure you are in 2nd-City-Putt-Putt (i.e. "cd .../2nd-City-Putt-Putt")
> 2. then run this command:
> ```bash
> python manage.py test
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To perform unit tests:

1. Attach to the 'puttputt_web' docker container by running the following command:

```bash
docker exec -it puttputt_web bash
```

2. Make sure you are in the 2nd-City-Putt-Putt directory (i.e. "cd <path to directory>/2nd-City-Putt-Putt")

3. Run the tests by running this command:

```bash
python manage.py test
```
````
